[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure that
the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he
stood upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER] You want my
treasure? You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR] Now, those who dare
to dream hoist their flags
and sail into the
Great Pirate Era!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men
to ever chart these
waters and learn
all the secrets that they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to
be the end of road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
Two years have passed since
the War of the
Best in Marineford.
Reuniting after their
special training,
Luffy and his crew continue
on to the New World.
Their first stop
is Fishman Island,
thousands of feet
below sea level,
where trouble seems to find
them wherever they go.
The Fishman Pirates,
led by Hordy Jones,
plot to overthrow King Neptune
and rule the kingdom.
They have teamed up
with Vander Decken,
who has eyes on the
Mermaid Princess.
[DECKEN] It's a pleasure,
Mister Hordy Jones.
[NARRATOR]
The Straw Hat Pirates,
who had hoped to
leave the island,
have now become entrenched
in its conflict.
But, isn't there some
place that you wanna go?
[SHIRAHOSHI]
Huh? Well, of course there is.
There are lots of places
that I'd love to see. Why?
[LUFFY]
Thought you'd say that.
So, let's get outta here!
If that guy throws
somethin' at you, fine.
I'll take it down,
just like the last time.
[BOTH gasp]
[BROOK]
He's quite formidable!
[NEPTUNE grunts]
Surrender!
[NAMI]
Zoro!
Hold on. I thought
they locked you up!
Sounded like you guys
were havin' some fun,
so here I am.
[LUFFY]
"It's an Emergency!
The Ryugu Palace is Occupied!"
Oh, no!
How did he escape from
his jail cell so quickly?
I can't believe a human
can deflect an attack from
the mighty King Neptune!
He's no ordinary
pirate. My word!
[NEPTUNE]
If you resist, both sides
will undoubtedly
suffer casualties.
It would be noble for
you to surrender, Zori!
It's Zoro!
[MINISTER OF THE RIGHT]
Don't just stand there!
Rupture the bubble
around them at once!
What for?
Because we Fishmen
will obviously
have the advantage when it
comes to nautical combat!
Now strike!
Well, this does not
look good for us.
We need to come up
with a plan fast.
Hear that, Nami?
Uh? She's gone!
[NEPTUNE]
Huh? What's happening?
Oh no. The water!
They drained it from the room!
Sorry 'bout that,
I couldn't help myself
once I saw this big
piece of Bubbly Coral.
Holy crap, that thing's huge!
All right, then.
What d'you say we
finish what we started?
Fine.
[NEPTUNE]
Lower your weapon.
I will fight him myself.
No, sire!
I cannot allow you to engage
in such barbaric acts!
[NEPTUNE] Whether you can allow
it or not matters little.
These opponents are strong,
and I refuse to let
anyone else get hurt!
[NEPTUNE yells]
[weapons clang]
So? Are you gonna
get ready or not?
We're wasting time. Let's go!
Wait, uh. You want us
to leave right now?
But, I mean-- This is
happening so fast.
I need to think.
[LUFFY]
What's there to think about?
Well, I've never done
anything like this.
So, I'm nervous.
I haven't been
outside in so long.
Can you give me
a moment to decide?
[sighs] We're just talkin'
about goin' for a walk.
It's no big deal.
Sure, you can have a minute.
But only a minute,
'cause I don't like you.
[whines]
[sobs]
[LUFFY]
Okay, fine!
Take all the time
you want, sheesh.
[sobbing]
[CAMIE gasps, whimpers]
[PAPPAGU]
Oh, no.
What have you guys done?
[USOPP] Yeah. This is overkill!
They're not bad guys!
They were just doing their jobs,
you didn't have to be so rough!
In case you forgot,
it was you guys who
started this fight!
All I did was save you idiots!
[USOPP]
We would have been fine
if we just acted tough,
and then ran for it!
[sighs] To think
I gave up sightseeing
and shopping on the
island to come here.
What's the point in even
complaining about it anyway?
Not like we can take it back!
The point is it
shouldn't've happened!
We look like villains now!
No one's gonna believe we took
a trip to Fishman Island
and just happened to
seize their palace!
[NEPTUNE groans]
Would you prefer we let
ourselves get captured?
I'd prefer if we had gone
with my "run away" plan
like I said!
Which wouldn't've worked
because I don't know
how to get outta here
and Luffy's still missing!
That's a really good point
that I hadn't thought about!
Any idea where Luffy went?
No.
[NAMI] We really have to go,
so could you help us out?
Pretty please?
[USOPP] Maybe he can tell
you where to find Luffy!
Tell me where I can
find the treasure vault.
Cut it out!
Huh? Who, me?
Don't play innocent with me.
You think I don't know how
your greedy brain works?
[electric guitar plays]
All right, everybody!
Let's take a little break and
turn those frowns upside down.
With rock!
Three, four! ♪ It'll be all
right! No reason to fight! ♪
♪ These words of mine
aren't lies! ♪
♪ Everybody dies! Yeah!
You aren't helping the
situation, "Soul King"!
Are you feeling any
better now, your highness?
I can't believe that even
the Great Knight of the Sea
was bested by these mongrels.
[NEPTUNE grumbles]
Things would have been different
if I hadn't thrown my
back out all of a sudden.
[NEPTUNE yells]
[NEPTUNE yelps]
[NEPTUNE] I don't know
when I became so old.
This is all my fault.
Forgive me.
Don't say that,
your highness.
If we had gathered
our wits sooner,
we could have burst their
bubbles and won easily.
Now that they've
drained the water
from the room, it's hopeless.
And who will rescue us now?
Hey! You criminals!
It's only a matter of time
before Neptune's sons,
Fukaboshi, Ryuboshi, and
Mamboshi return to the palace,
and once they get here,
you're all going to be sorry!
♪ Yo, ho, ho, ho! Yeah!
[ZORO]
Doesn't matter who's coming,
we have to make it
off this island.
Our first step should be
getting everyone together.
Then we find the Sunny and
get the hell outta here.
But we lost our coating
when we got here
so even if we knew where it was,
we couldn't escape
on it as it is.
And to top it all off,
the Log Pose hasn't
been working.
It's been going haywire ever
since we arrived on the island.
You can't be serious.
If you believe a primitive
Pose like that will get you
through the New World,
then you're even dumber
than you look.
Wait, are you trying to say
that my gear isn't good enough?
I'm not saying anything
unless you untie me first.
Ding dong! Ding!
[NAMI gasps]
It must be Prince Fukaboshi!
[DOOR SNAIL 531A]
Ding dong! Ding dong!
It's time...
[FUKABOSHI]
This is quite unusual.
What could be delaying
the guards from answering?
[DOOR SNAIL 531A]
Click.
[ZORO]
Who's this? Whaddaya want?
[USOPP yells]
What are you doing? Hang up!
[MINISTER OF THE RIGHT]
Prince Fukaboshi!
[MINISTER OF THE LEFT]
Help us!
[ZORO]
Everybody, shut up!
[AMMO KNIGHT 533AA]
Price Ryuboshi!
[AMMO KNIGHT 533BB]
Prince Manboshi!
Oh, no! Something's wrong!
I can hear them
call for ♪ me-re-do!
It sounds like
they're in trouble!
But I didn't hear
father or Shirahoshi!
It's us, the three princes.
What has happened?
With whom am I
currently speaking?
Open the gate and
grant us passage.
That is an order from
the royal family.
Wow, I'm really shaking
in my boots, here.
Sorry, you're not comin' in.
[USOPP]
Okay. How about we just hang up?
You don't need to
make them angry!
Can you do Camie and me
a favor and tie us up
so we don't look like
your accomplices?
Zoro- chin is scary!
[AMMO KNIGHT 533A]
Get us out of here!
[AMMO KNIGHT 533C]
Fukaboshi, hurry!
[AMMO KNIGHT 533D]
Help! Please save us, my lords!
So tell me, are you a member
of the Straw Hat Pirates?
[NEPTUNE]
He is, my son!
The man you are speaking to
is their green-haired swordsman.
--"Pirate Hunter" Zori!
--[ZORO] Zoro!
Wait, that's Father!
Is he all right?
Yeah, he's alive.
Well, for now anyway.
But if you want him and the
others to stay like that,
you're gonna have to run
some errands for us.
You can start by getting us
ready to sail outta here.
What that means is finding
our ship, the Sunny ,
and getting a fresh new
coating slapped on it.
And I mean "finding"
'cause we got no clue
where it is right now.
While you're at it,
round up our crew.
We're missing a gloomy lady,
a big robot thing,
a talking raccoon, and
a little goblin pervert.
And demand 1,000,000
berries in unmarked cash!
Will you stop spurring him on?
The goblin is Sanji!
That's hilarious, Zoro!
You are not helping
at all, Brook!
[BROOK laughing]
But the imagery is so funny!
Fine, I accept your conditions.
I will make the proper
arrangements for you
and your friends to
leave Fishman Island.
You have my word.
However, I will
dismiss our contract
if any of the
hostages are harmed.
It's a deal.
[BOTH]
But, Brother!
We have no choice but to agree.
As you are aware, this
gateway is the only means
of entering Ryugu Palace,
even for us of the royal family.
While we could
try to gain access
from another area,
there is simply no way
for us to penetrate
the layers of bubbles.
[FUKABOSHI] There's something
I must say before we go.
I wouldn't normally
share this information,
given the circumstances.
However, I am honor bound to
deliver the message regardless.
I'm listening.
[FUKABOSHI] They are from
the "First Son of the Sea"
and former Warlord Jimbei,
for Straw Hat Luffy.
These were meant to be delivered
upon your arrival on the island
as part of your welcoming,
but here we are.
[NEPTUNE]
Jimbei.
But why?
And how do they know Jimbei?
[AMMO KNIGHTS murmuring]
Wait, that's right! Yeah!
Luffy said Jimbei
was his friend!
True! The two of them
even appeared together
in the newspaper a while back!
Despite being a pirate,
Jimbei is almost like a hero
to the people down here.
Unfortunately, Luffy isn't
with us right at this moment.
But I'll pass the
messages on. Go.
[sighs] You would
have my thanks.
The first is,
"Do not fight Hordy."
And as for the second,
"Jimbei will wait
in the Sea Forest."
That is all.
[DOOR SNAIL 531A]
Click.
"Don't fight Hordy"?
What does that even mean?
[FUKABOSHI]
Hence our situation.
As a result, you are
hereby ordered to locate
the Straw Hats' ship and
remaining crew members
as quickly as possible.
We understand, sire.
It will be done, sire.
You can count on us, sire.
[FISHMAN 533AA] Have you heard
the rumors going around?
The ones about the
Straw Hat Pirates?
It's crazy!
[FISHMAN 533BB] You think they
really took over Ryugu Palace?
[FISHMAN 533CC] Ugh. What
is it they're after anyway?
That can't be! I met them.
They seemed like
such nice people!
I can't believe they'd
do such a thing!
I can't believe they'd do that!
Can't believe they'd do that!
I can believe they'd do that.
Maybe I can't
believe it either.
Who cares if I can't believe it?
I bet they did kidnap
those mermaids,
and the way things are
going, it won't be long
before they come after
the rest of us.
Madam Sharley's vision
is coming true.
I guess they're finally
showing their true colors!
I heard that two of
them have been hiding
around here, in the back
of the Mermaid Café.
That's why the guards are
inspecting it right now.
[AMMO KNIGHT 533CC groans]
What the hell?
What is that thing?
The animal transformed!
It's time for Kung Fu Point!
--[CHOPPER grunting]
--[AMMO KNIGHTS groaning]
[CHOPPER]
Sanji's finally recovering!
He needs peace and
quiet at any cost!
[yells]
You wanna take us to
the Ryugu Palace, huh?
I dunno what's happening here,
but we're not going!
[SANJI]
Hey, Chopper. You okay?
[CHOPPER] Sanji! You
shouldn't be up and about!
[LUFFY]
C'mon! Aren't you ready yet?
Let's get going!
I'm sorry. I can't,
though I'd like to.
Then why not?
You said there was somewhere
you wanted to see, didn't you?
I did.
But if I leave my room,
it'll cause a lot of problems.
And not just for me, but for
everyone in the palace, too.
Look, I'm not tellin' ya
how to live your life,
but I'd be going crazy if I was
stuck in one room for ten years.
I'll make sure you're safe.
It's my thanks
for all that food.
So where do you wanna go?
[gasps]
Uh... Well...
[LUFFY]
Uh...
The...
[SHIRAHOSHI]
The Sea...
The Sea Forest!
Sorry. I suppose
it's a foolish dream.
I could never forgive myself
for doing something so selfish.
Just forget about it.
[LUFFY] We're just
standing here talking!
What are you apologizing for?
Because. I can't stop crying.
Just saying that took
all of my courage.
Please! Don't get angry and
start yelling at me again!
It's really frightening
when you do that.
[sobs]
[LUFFY]
You're such a pain in the butt!
[thud]
The hell? What's all that noise?
[thudding]
[LUFFY] He's not throwing
axes again, is he?
This guy's got real issues.
--[gasps]
--[thudding continues]
That doesn't sound good.
[NEPTUNE]
No! Why now of all times?
Vander Decken must
be behind this!
He's attacking the
Hard Shell Tower!
Shirahoshi is in danger!
Tell me, how many
guards are with her?
Unfortunately, all of the guards
are tied up here, sire!
[NEPTUNE]
Ah! Listen, pirates.
I need you to go
check on the princess!
This is an emergency!
Whoa. We have to do what now?
No, King Neptune!
We can't possibly trust
them with her safety!
[NEPTUNE] I'm afraid there
simply isn't any other choice!
The Hard Shell Tower is on the
northeast side of the palace.
Please. You have to
hurry there immediately!
Do you not realize
that, as a hostage,
you don't get to make demands?
[NEPTUNE]
Be quiet, you!
Shirahoshi is the
only daughter I have!
You may not realize, but her
life is constantly under threat!
If anything should happen to her
while you occupy our home,
I will send you all
to your graves
at the bottom of
an ocean trench!
[BROOK] Well, how could
I possibly refuse
going to her rescue?
I shall rush to
her aide in this,
her greatest moment of need!
Completely selflessly,
of course.
No hint of an ulterior motive.
Although, if she wanted
to show me her panties,
that would be fine.
[USOPP]
Wait, Brook, it might be a trap!
No! This is awful!
The only one of them
who's willing to help us
has the most impure
of intentions.
She is in worse danger
now than ever!
Please take me with you!
You don't have to untie me,
but I insist that I
accompany you, skeleton!
The tower is my jurisdiction!
If anything happens to
the princess, I will never
be able to overcome
my shame!
[BROOK]
I understand.
You desire...
...to see panties, too!
I would never!
You scoundrel!
[MINISTER OF THE RIGHT]
It's not true!
[BROOK]
Forgive me, Sanji,
but it looks like I'm
getting to her first!
[SHIRAHOSHI]
I'm sorry to burden you,
but it truly is my dream
to go to the Sea Forest.
And these ten years, I couldn't.
Whenever I talk about
making the trip,
everyone goes out of
their way to tell me
how dangerous it would
be for me to leave.
So I've never pushed the
issue because I'm too afraid.
Tell me the truth.
Are you really willing to
take me to the Sea Forest
despite the trouble
you'll face?
[LUFFY]
Yes.
And you promise to protect me
no matter what happens, right?
Of course I will.
Count on me!
[gasps]
Whoa, hold on.
I'm not gonna do it
if you keep crying.
And if I'm being honest here,
you'll be the one taking me.
Since I can't swim and all.
Don't cry?
But that'll be hard
because I'm so happy.
Is there anything that
doesn't make you cry?
Well, anyway. When we
go to leave this place,
everyone's gonna recognize
you, aren't they?
Yes. That'll be a problem.
No it won't, 'cause
I've got the perfect idea
to get you outta here!
[BROOK] Mermaid Princess!
Are you all right?
Look over there at the tower!
Do you see that, too, skeleton?
[BOTH gasp]
[gasps] This is worse
than my greatest fear!
Those weren't the sounds
of axes or knives like usual.
[MINISTER OF THE RIGHT]
What we heard were the bodies
of human pirates slamming
against the tower!
How disgusting!
That Vander Decken!
He's nothing short of a monster!
[gasps] Uh. I think
we're in trouble!
[MINISTER OF THE RIGHT]
Ah. I think you're right.
It appears they all survived!
But how?
The Ryugu Palace is supposed
to be impregnable!
Yet we've been invaded
by enemy forces!
The king. The princess.
Everyone here.
We're all in danger!
Hey, it sounds like
it finally stopped!
You ready, scaredy-cat?
Uh. Sure.
We're counting on you, Megalo!
[thudding]
[PIRATES yell]
[BOTH gasp]
[laughs] Let's go!
Break through!
Megalo?
And Luffy is with him!
We're off to the Sea Forest!
[NARRATOR]
Luffy escapes with Shirahoshi,
throwing the palace into
an even greater panic.
The pirates who've
infiltrated its walls,
attack with a
strange despiration,
carrying out a mission
that the Straw Hats
have yet to understand.
Meanwhile, after a
scuffle of their own,
Sanji and Chopper come
across an injured Hachi.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"The Ryugu Palace in Shock!
The Kidnapping of Shirahoshi!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!